## `iat` should be less than 2^53 – 1
Update the Coze specification to note that `iat` should be less than 2^53 – 1
(9,007,199,254,740,991).

The Coze specification should be updated with the following:

```md
`rvk` must and `iat` should be a positive integer less than 2^53 – 1
(9,007,199,254,740,991), which is the integer precision limit specified by
IEEE754 minus one. Revoke checks must error if `rvk`'s is not an integer or
larger than 2^53 - 1.
```

2^53 – 1, is the integer precision limit specified by IEEE754 minus one.  2^53 –
1 was chosen instead of 2^53 because both 2^53 and 2^53+1 are decoded as
9,007,199,254,740,992 while 2^53 – 1 only has a single decoded form and is the
last IEE754 integer with this property. 2^53 – 1  is also Javascript's
`MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`.  

Checking for revoked when rvk's value is a non-integer or value past
MAX_SAFE_INTEGER must error.  The spec currently reads this way.  

It is recommended that `iat` follows the same requirements, but not required, so
that implementations are not required to interpret the value for `iat`. 

 If Coze require `iat` to be less than 2^53-1 and error on message processing
(for example, error on function Verify when `iat` is wrong), implementations
have to interpret `iat` when message processing.  
 
Function `Verify` may verify a digest that over a `pay` with an out of
specification `iat` and there is no way to know.  This would mean `VerifyCoze`
and `Verify` will have inconsistent behavior for the same payload. For this
reason, the specification should be updated to state that `iat` "should adhere"
to the rule, not "must".  That said, coze_go will error on out of spec `iat`s
anyway.  

Coze interpreting `iat` while requiring interpreting `rvk` seems reasonable.
For revoke messages, `rvk` is always known and checkable, so a "must adhere"
continues to seem reasonable. Critically, a "must" for `rvk` ensures systems
agree what keys are revoked.  For `iat`, if system verify digest only messages
(they might not even have access to the original payload), there is no way to
tell.  Downstream system need to be aware of this difference between `iat` and
`rvk` and appropriately handle this edge case if they desire a "must adhere" for
`iat`.  Hiding this complexity in Coze libraries does not appear to be the
correct answer for `iat`. 

This gives implementations the freedom to error on `iat >  2^53 – 1`, just as
Javascript should, but doesn't guarantee expected JSON behavior for downstream
systems.  Systems may be incompatible on differing processing of JSON which is
expected.  Coze does not resolve problems inherent to JSON, but Coze can
recommend best practices that avoid known issues.  


## General Design Consideration
Generally, Coze must make no rule requiring any sort of interpretation of the
contents of `pay`.  `alg` and `tmb` are exceptions since this information must
be at least implicitly known by Verify and no other information is needed to
verify a message for a given digest.  `rvk` is the only other exception, but it
is an exception that only applies to revoke messages, which must provide the
contents of `pay`. 

Error handling of `typ` and `iat` should be handled by downstream applications,
not forced Coze implementations itself.  


## What implementing a `must be an integer less than  2^53 – 1` rule would entail

If adopting a "must" rule for `iat`, there are a few trade offs:

Pros:
- Specification guaranteed normalization for `iat` and `rvk`.
- UnmarshalJSON may already return an error, so no function signature change is needed.  

Cons:
- Requires implementations to check `iat < MAX_SAFE_INTEGER` on messages. (Below this is can be done during unmarshalling.)  
- Verify has no way to check since it is over a digest.  This may be confusing and inconsistent.  

It's easy to implement the "`iat` must be less than 2^53 - 1" rule.  The check
can exist in `func (p *Pay) UnmarshalJSON(b []byte) error`, which is then called
by `VerifyCoze()`

```Go
const MAX_SAFE_INTEGER = 9007199254740992
...
if iat > MAX_SAFE_INTEGER{
	return fmt.Errorf("UnmarshalJSON: iat value over 2^53 - 1 (9,007,199,254,740,991)")
}
```

## Other Considerations

The Go implementation uses a int64, and not a uint64, since negative values may
be used for custom application time values, and this allows Coze variable types
to be consistent with custom applications fields.  