# Coze v0.0.1 Release Notes
## Major changes

- Added `alg` `Ed25519` - Like ECDSA, in Coze `Ed25519` only ever signs digests,
	not unhashed messages. Ed25519's digest for `cad` is SHA-512.  
	- Waiting on Go for `Ed25519ph` support. 
- Coze now uses base64 and not Hex.
- Defined Coze Standard and Coze Core. - Coze Core is the minimal spec for Coze.  
	- Coze Standard is additional useful functions, but not essential for Core
	Coze.
- Normal (In Coze Standard and not Coze Core) - Normal is allowed to be
	variadic.  Normal is the generalization of Canon.  
	- The following are valid Normals:  [Canon, Only, Option, Need, Extra]
- For Go, using Generics where it makes sense.
- ECDSA x and y have been consolidated to x. - All serialize all private
	components are in `d`, and all public components are in `x`. 
- `pay` takes the place of `head`
- `pay` no longer needs to be UTF-8 sorted and fields can appear in any order. -
	`cad` is still the hash over the compactified JSON representation.  
	- Specific applications can still require specific order of fields. 
- `coze` fields, except `sig`, are all "meta" fields.  
	- `coze.can` is no longer an input variable for creating a canonical pay, but
		rather is only used to describe the existing canon of pay.  
- Moved 'alg.go' to package `coze`, moved `cryptokey` to its own package, and
		removed `coze`'s dependency on `cryptokey`.  
- All `pay` fields are optional.  An empty `pay` is valid.  
- Removed redundant tests.
- Various bug fixes.
- Go Coze changes "Cy" struct to "Coze", removed the JSON encapsulator. Added an
		example to show Coze embedded in another struct.  
- Explicitly disallow duplicate JSON field names in Coze.
- Change rvk rules where revoke is denoted by a valid integer value other than
  0.

## Additional Explicit design decisions:
- Coze follows the underlying algorithm's standard or explicit endianness.
  ECDSA is big endian and EdDSA is little endian.  


